what's up my kids welcome back to another
day on my channel well this is not the
topic you're used to
on this channel but I felt like talking about
this topic to see if I can shed a little
sanity into this world of what well
what cryptocurrencies are the
markets and such it's not the topic you
're used to these are not the
topics that I usually deal with okay in fact I don't
like to get into these things because I
don't want people to take this as
financial advice or as advice
or anything like that okay that's a
very big responsibility way
belongs to me because I'm not an expert
but I've decided to record this video
and talk to you about this subject
because there I woke up with dozens of
private messages and emails from
15-16 year olds worried about the
collapse of the beat with such as is okay
the new brokers the new wolves the
wall stree the 15-16 year olds and they ca
n't sleep because they have a
portfolio of twenty euros that's the literal they
send me screenshots of their wallets and no  It's
for underestimating okay now we'll go and
try a little and give you my point of
view and see if I can help you with
our vouchers but literally wallet
of Christ' coin for sale 20 10 dollars
the kids can't sleep it seems
that especially this year it's worth a little
last year but especially this year
the fashion has exploded the fashion of the written
coin in the sense that
everyone is investing is investing
even my grandmother may she rest in peace but
especially kids because they consider
that the world of investment is a fad
and as everyone on the internet says
that the dow de coin is going to reach the dollar
and in the most they put some tweets saying
that it is possible to pay with bitcoin
then that it is not and then that I do
n't know what well the kids consider that they are going to become millionaires investing in Christ' coin from here I want to send a message of sanity because I know that a lot of young people follow me for one part of the subject that I deal with in this in this channel which is
the salsa I want to see if with this I
can help them raise awareness since
act wisely what's coming the
markets do not only to the crypt
humanity but the stock market also the
stock market which I well am not
an expert but as I
like to touch certain things and
move around by the way I like to investigate I
like to find out about everything I do not like to
try things I have known the
stock market for a long time
the well known ibex I have known the
new york market known that many of you
will remember what the sea was the
alternative market which was a complete ruin
if you have not lost money in the sea
you have no experience in the markets and
now I meet a lot of
kids some of them are 15 16 17 or
twenty something years old but who have no
idea what an investment is they
have no idea how to interpret a
red candle or a green candle investing their
savings in Christ coins and then you
see the others you see them when the
market is falling when following
twitter accounts that analyze the
graph they do not give their opinions their points
of view on the possible projections
and it makes me laugh a lot because on more
than one occasion I see them that in
reality I know what it is  This is because I
was a kid too and I see them
tweeting with those accounts using
language that they wouldn't use
in their everyday lives they use those
languages ​​to convince
themselves that they know what they're doing
that they know what they're talking about and
maybe you see them posting a tweet
telling a person whose
twitter account is dedicated to that let's go
sideways or let's short that we do hall or let's go
short I don't know and it's a shame the truth is it's a
shame not because I'm messing with them or
anyone but because it's very obvious
that they've gotten into something dangerous that they
have no idea about
investments and the market and above all a
market as wild a market as
volatile and as complicated as the
written currency one is not a game two
are not betting houses you have to know a
little I'm not saying they are experts I
for example am not no but at least
if you are interested in the world if you are
interested in the subject read a couple of books
not to know how to interpret a graph
to know the meaning of the candles it
's not that anymore it's that you can't put
money in a place that I don't know  you can't
put money into a company without
knowing the fundamentals behind it, what
projects have what percentage and how
their shares are distributed or the
currency, what projects they have pending, I do
n't know, there are a lot of things that you have to
know that you have to evaluate before
selling your money in one place or with the
other, it's worth it in the end, it's your
money, you can trust it, your money in
a tweet, at most, post a tweet when
you're interested in selling and post another tweet
when you're interested in buying. In the
last few days, yesterday was the strongest but it had
been falling for about a week,
something that usually happens a lot in the
markets because basically the markets are about
those markets, there are days when the
shares, the values ​​​​go up or
down, the ideas that go up and 10 that go down,
nobody has a crystal ball to
know what day it will go up and that only works
a person who knows how to interpret
the charts a little, not even they can
know one hundred percent up to what
price it will fall or up to what price it will go up
but by interpreting the chart, you
know if it's a good time to sell, a good
time to buy but the thing is that
yesterday something happened that is called panic
when panic comes and the shares
fall, well, the Christos coins in  in this
case we are talking about the bilkoin and
all the written currency no because with the
strong fall of the bis coin it dragged
all the cristo coins when
panic comes the best thing is not to operate okay the
best thing is not to operate in panic and less in
a market so volatile that you do not know
where it will come out that in the morning
a cryptocurrency is going up 30 percent
and in the afternoon it is
losing 60 percent or in other words it
is something that is not normal in panic there is
never cooperation the panic came because it was a
coincidence or
maybe it was scheduled we do not know about a
series of negative news for the
cryptocurrency market
the first news that came out and that
put this whole move on track was the tweet
of the most saying that he was going to do without what he had
planned, that
cars and fabrics
could be bought with bitcoin
vouchers, alleging an environmental speech,
which well I think was an
excuse because what I believe this is not
any advice, neither to buy nor to sell
nor in any financial advice, my
personal opinion is that  I'm sure he's going to
use other cryptocurrencies,
surely the double coin, I don't know, it
's just my opinion, okay, when most of
him knows that by posting a tweet he
influences the market so much, he puts something it's
with an intention, guys, let's not be
idiots, he doesn't want to do us any
favors, okay, then another news
related to Japan comes, then another
news also related to the
regulation of cryptocurrencies and all of
this has triggered a
panic situation in which all the cryptocurrencies
or almost all of them have lost a lot of value,
a lot of value, we're talking about
almost all of them having lost almost half of
what they were worth, well, people are
panicking, people are unable to sleep all
night, people are worried, looking
all day at the Twitter search engine
and I'm going to give you two points that I
value a lot and they are two
personal opinions, but I think that this is true
for me, for me, if you are going to be an
investment, you are going to invest with the
intention of making money, you cannot
invest 10 dollars between dollars and in
dollars, with that you are not going to do anything and not
to seriously underestimate it, if you maybe
want to put in 100 dollars, 500
dollars  that they don't serve you and they want to
put it there hey in case the rabbit jumps out and it
multiplies by 10 and next summer I
go to Punta Cana on vacation well it's
worth both extracting a hundred
intentions to get a pension to
amass a little money no you with 50 euros 20
euros 500 euros not even no you don't do
anything there are people who believe and
kids who show off who believe that they are
going to put in 20 euros 100 euros and in
a month or two months they are going to have
100 thousand there to earn a lot of money
you have to invest a lot of money with
this I am not advising people who are there is
a lot of money because
now I am going to go to the second point what I
want to say is that you are not going to get rich
what you are going to earn is not worth
the suffering that you are going to go through and you do not
understand the market and if you do not know what
things are about that can go down as well as
up you are going to suffer more than what you are going to
earn it is not going to change your life from
having 500 euros to having 600 because at  in other words,
you're going to earn a
percentage of what you've invested and
at most there are few occasions where it's
multiplied by two, three or
four, but well, for that,
life rarely happens. Issue number
two has to be money that I don't need, it has to be
money that you
absolutely don't need, well,
in quotes, no, no, no, that you don't mind
losing, that you know that you can assume
that what you can lose, that you can end up with
nothing, not that it's money
that you're not going to need for a long time,
money that you can leave there and
forget about it, for a year, two years, three
years, you never know when you can't
have a date, it's not worth it, that would be
another point, but well, I'm putting it
here, you can't tell me everything in money
from now until summer, I have more money to
go on vacation, I'll put it in now
sometime in the summer, no, you don't know what's going to
happen here in the summer, you always know,
you're going to get caught off guard, if it's
200 euros and those thousand euros and they're ten thousand euros, they
have to be ten thousand euros,
500 euros, what they've dressed has to
be money that you're not going to miss and
next week your
car breaks down and you're going to need to touch it it has to
be money and you're
completely sure that you won't
need to touch it and that you can even
assume if you lose it normally it's
recommended not to invest more than
10 or 20 percent of your total
savings but anyway to each his own
and
point number 3 that seems very
clear to me is that you have to know that
what goes up goes down goes up again goes down again
and that's how the markets work because
people make and lose money you can't be
scared and you can't be
sleepless all night because elvis coin
has lost 50% when it's been going up
200 300% in the whole year and if I'm
talking to you about currency as a charge not like
ethereum or things without it just turn off and let's go
in moments of panic what
weak hands do is sell because it's scary
okay normally what they've done on top of that
is buy it when it's high when they've
seen on twitter that everyone is
freaking out because they're putting host
bitcoin already went up to  60 thousand or Cardano
finally reaching two there is a purchase
because he says [ __ ] it went up a lot he
bought it then when they see that it is falling a
lot they sell it they get nervous they
have their ass restless and they sell it
when they sell to see when water
when in these things money is made the
money that one earns is the money that
another has lost, you have to be
clear about that, that is why the issue that if you make
an investment you do not need the money and
if you see it fall you have to give
absolutely no if you get nervous
you pay the phone I do not care anymore the graph and it
lowers you would take a walk the
ideal in fact is not to look at the graph at
all
and your money and look at it in a year in
two years in my
personal opinion this is not
financial advice I emphasize I will never recommend
that I almost dimension the subject in fact I will
never recommend to buy or sell
anything but my opinion is that in these
cases if you are sure that a
company that a project has a lot of
foundation and you trust in it is when you
buy it is better instead of being scared
where the sharks are going to buy you enter
that the weak sell it is  when you have to
buy on this chart we can
easily see how hard the bilkoin has fallen
on other occasions look at
2012 for example it fell from 7
dollars to 4 we are talking about almost
half also the same as on this
occasion from 16 to 7 in 2012 more than
half fell okay do you think people
scared us at that time at 49
dollars to 33 our weight is getting bigger
but it is also chubby and so on many
occasions okay look at 2017 how it fell
from 2,980 to 1830 also approaching
half in 2020
last year being at 12 1867 it fell to
5 thousand dollars what did people imagine
imagine the people who bought at 12,000
and got scared and sold imagine what they
were thinking now and don't get me
wrong with this I am not
assuring that after the fall of
these days bitcoin is now going to fly and
reach  100,000 we don't know nobody
has a crystal ball what I wanted to make
clear with this video is about two
or three points of sanity okay first
of all don't put your money into
something and you don't know what the project has
behind it you have no idea if it's
interested in the world and I tell you to read a
couple of books and at least learn a
little how to interpret a graph what
the candles mean and so on especially
where you're going to put the money
informed how well inform yourself study it
to see what project is behind it what
possibilities it sees and how many
shares or how much currency
each owner has how they are distributed
my personal opinion if what you're going to
put in is five dollars or one hundred dollars or
even 500 is it worth it if you don't
have experience going through that
suffering because many times a
market is a state of anxiety and it's not
really worth it because you're not
going to be rich with that amount and
really it's
better to have it saved than to
save it in your savings account and until
what you invest is always
money and you're not going to need it you can
assume its loss  that you can forget
about it in a year in two years or even in
five or in a day that you don't get nervous
when you see it fall and especially a
market like the one of the written currency
to be in a market like the one of the
writer currency you have to have a
very cold mind and nerves of steel
to see your savings one day
multiply by two and the next day
almost zero seriously if you trust in a
project you don't have to get nervous
about these falls but what can't be is
that I'm seeing kids who have
invested 100 200 300 dollars spend
sleepless nights those sleepless nights
because of the nerves so
kids investments are
definitely not a fad invest do
you want to try or want to discover the
world do it with brain do it with
head
also the next video